Quote	Topics
Me shooting 40% at the foul line is just God's way to say nobody's perfect.	"Shaq,Free Throws"
"When you're in championships, it's never about what you do. It's always about what other people do."	"Shaq,Winning"
"We live in an impatient world. Everybody is always looking for the next big Kobe, the next big LeBron, the next big Twitter."	Shaq
"David Stern should get with the mothers of the NBA and let the moms decide what the dress code should be. I asked my mother if I could wear a chain, and she told me yeah. So I do stuff that my parents allow me to do."	"Shaq,Mom"
Can I go one day without somebody saying something negative about me?	Shaq
"I love race car drivers, I love gymnastics, I love UFC, I love police officers, I love firefighters. I just try to give them the same enjoyment they give me."	Shaq
I'm a mama's boy above all.	"Shaq,Mom"
"Everything happens for a reason. I'm used to it, I prepare for it. Like I say, at the end of the day, those in charge of their own destiny are going to do what's right for them and their family."	Shaq
I never worry about the problem. I worry about the solution.	Shaq
"There is no answer to the Pythagorean theorem. Well, there is an answer, but by the time you figure it out, I got 40 points, 10 rebounds and then we're planning for the parade."	"Shaq,Winning"
"Because I'm so big, you have to look at me. I think of myself as a monument. But sometimes I like to feel small."	Shaq
"I want to be strong, dominant. Like Wilt Chamberlain."	Shaq
"For all my friends in the media who like quotes, mark this quote down. From this day on I'd like to be known as 'The Big Aristotle' because Aristotle once said, 'Excellence is not a singular act; it's a habit. You are what you repeatedly do.'"	"Shaq,Nickname"
I am the number one Ninja and I have killed all the Shoguns in front of me.	Shaq
"My father made me who I am. He gave me a basketball and told me to play with the ball, sleep with the ball, dream with the ball. Just don't take it to school. I used it as a pillow, and it never gave me a stiff neck."	Shaq
"I started out as a football player. I liked to inflict pain. In basketball, it was the same thing."	Shaq
"And I want to do it the right way, like everybody else, not just a famous figurehead that gets a job because he is a famous basketball player. I want to really learn the business."	Shaq
I don't get nervous in any situation. There's no such thing as nerves when you're playing games.	Shaq
"Nobody's going to tell me how to be different, so stop asking me. Stop asking me what two-plus-two is. Everybody knows two-plus-two is five."	Shaq
"I'm very educated and can give you somewhat of a vocabulary, but I don't get to the philosophical side."	Shaq
"Being here feels like I'm out of prison. This is the right place, the right time, the right team."	Shaq
Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic.	Shaq
"If I were a painter, you'd be calling me Shaqcasso."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"When I get old, I'm going to the old folks' home. I don't want to be one of those guys who's hanging around the house bothering the kids. But not just any old folks' home. I want the whole top floor."	Shaq
I do what I do. Always.	Shaq
I'm like tax. You're going to pay one way or the other.	Shaq
I just want to keep people entertained.	Shaq
Our offense is like the pythagorean theorem: There is no answer!	"Shaq,Winning"
"If you got the game, you got the game. That's why Tiger Woods is out there playing golf with Greg Norman."	Shaq
Art is a process of delivering or arranging elements that appeal to the emotions of a person looking at it. It's what you feel.	Shaq
"When I tweet, I try and accomplish three things. One, is to make you laugh. Two, is to inform you. Three, is to enlighten you. That's all I do."	Shaq
"I'm a weird big guy. Doing rapping, doing movies. Do a lot of stuff. But always do things the right way."	Shaq
"I want to be known as 'The Big Shakespeare.' It was Shakespeare that said, 'Some men are born great, some achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust upon them.'"	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok."	Shaq
"I'm an unorthodox type of guy, a funny guy - at least I think I'm funny. And one of the things I like to do is come up with nicknames for myself."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I've been playing on Christmas for the last 10, 11, 12 years. So just got to get up early with the babies, and give them their toys and try to get a nap in and just come to play."	Shaq
"As a youngster, my mother and father always drilled into my head having something to fall back on. My father was kind of funny. I'd score 40 points. I'd come home and say, 'Look dad, I scored 40.' He'd never have a smile on his face. He'd be like, 'I saw that move you did. What if you'd hurt your knee?'"	Shaq
I was a medium-level juvenile delinquent from Newark who always dreamed about doing a movie.	"Shaq,Kazaam"
One lucky shot deserves another.	"Shaq,Winning"
Look up the word role in the dictionary and you'll see it means playing a part. That's why I call myself a real  model.	Shaq
"Every time I do something silly, it comes off really funny because it's natural."	Shaq
I have never been a shooter.	"Shaq,Free Throws"
Someday I might have to put down a basketball and have a regular 9-to-5 like everybody else.	Shaq
"Kids can still call me Shaq, but adults should call me Dr. O'Neal."	"Shaq,Nickname"
" had an awful first quarter but I picked it up. To all you single guys out there, it's not how you start the date, it's how you finish it sir. A lot of people can, you know, start the date with flowers and candy, but if you don't finish the date - you know what I mean?"	Shaq
"When you're righteous, you don't have to tell people that you're righteous."	Shaq
"Whenever I see a celebrity that comes to watch me play, I'm going to do for them the same thing they've done for me - bring them some type of joy."	"Shaq,Winning"
"I put a lot into it, and when I am done playing, I plan on going undercover and then being the sheriff or chief of police somewhere, either Miami or Orlando, I don't know yet."	Shaq
I started out as a young Ninja and killed all of the Shoguns. I am a Shogun now and I'm holding my spot. There probably won't be another Shogun after this.	"Shaq,Winning"
"I'm on a mission. And I know the older I get, I may lose a step or two, but it's all up in the medulla oblongata. I've got a lot up there. I've got a lot of knowledge... in this medulla oblongata."	Shaq
That is why one day I said my game will be like the Pythagorean Theorem - hard to figure out. A lot of people really don't know the Pythagorean Theory. They don't make them like me anymore. They don't want to make them like that anymore.	Shaq
"We're just going to come out and play. We know that we're supposed to win all the games, but if we don't, we just have to take the next game and focus on what we did wrong in the game before and just try to do better at the next game."	"Shaq,Winning"
Why don't you bring your face up here and let me punch it? Then you can tell me (if I'm stronger).	Shaq
"But, hey I did everything the right way and earned my spot in this game, nothing was given to me."	Shaq
"Challenge me. Treat me like a game of checkers and play me. That's all I'm asking, just play me. Treat me like Sega and play me."	Shaq
I don't believe that I personally have been changed by the money. The bad thing is people assume you've changed because now you have money.	Shaq
I guess people think the taller you are the more dominant you have to be.	Shaq
I would like to be refered to as 'The Big Aristotle'.	"Shaq,Nickname"
I was fortunate enough to see and handle and take in everything I could while I was playing.	Shaq
"I'm done with the nicknames. Actually, when I obtain my doctorate, I will not allow people to call me Shaq anymore, either."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I've always been a leader. Every team I've played on, I've led my way."	Shaq
"This is a tough game. There are times when you've got to play hurt, when you've got to block out the pain."	Shaq
We want to win. We want to win big. We want to win the whole thing.	"Shaq,Winning"
"When I'm done playing basketball, I want do something bigger. I'm working on my doctorate right now at Barry University in Florida."	Shaq
"When you flop, that's just another message that you don't know how to play me. Stand up and take your medicine like a man."	Shaq
"But that is the only thing that slows me down is the system. No one, two or three was big enough to slow me down, only the system. It was the system that slowed me down to make my numbers fall. Not because I am older."	Shaq
"I play against a front and a back every night, Ming does not have to do that, Duncan does not have to do that, Garnett doesn't do that. I am the only one that has to do that."	Shaq
I'm very excited about my new agreement with the Heat. This contract allows me to address all of my family's long-term financial goals while allowing the Heat the ability to acquire those players that we need to win a championship.	"Shaq,Winning"
"Donald Trump is a great friend, and he has four or five Picassos on his plane. And that's where I would look at them."	Shaq
I average 25 with three guys on me and they are just looking at stats I guess.	Shaq
I don't know anything about cars. I can promise you that.	Shaq
I'm short and to the point.	Shaq
"I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money."	Shaq
"I've met a lot of artists who wanted to paint me. LeRoy Neiman was one. He did it from a photograph. He made 20,000 copies, and we sold them all."	Shaq
Grab my belly and make a wish.	"Shaq,Kazaam"
I am... Kazaam!	"Shaq,Kazaam"
Is that a wish?	"Shaq,Kazaam"
"That's not a wish, that's an insult!"	"Shaq,Kazaam"
Don't get all hysterical! Say thank you for your miracle!	"Shaq,Kazaam"
"I made a 1,600 minus 800 minus 200 on the SAT, so I’m very intelligent when I speak."	Shaq
I’m the first graduate of LSU to graduate in crayon biology.	Shaq
"I thought (finishing school) would be easy, but it was kind of hard. Thank God for the Internet."	Shaq
"They call me “The Big Stock Exchange.”  I start off at one price.  Every now and then I’ll go down, but eventually I’ll go back up."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I am “The Big IPO.”  Put your money on me.  Because when I go public, we all gonna make money."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"“The Big Aristotle” was coined the day I won the MVP last year.  I stole a quote from that Greek philosopher cat: “Excellence is not a singular act, but a habit.  You are what you repeatedly do.”"	"Shaq,Nickname"
Can’t forget “The Big Antarctica” because I’m so cold.	"Shaq,Nickname"
"Or “The Big Havlicek,” which is what I called myself after making a bunch of foul shots one night."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"How about “The Big Felon” for when I made a steal against Orlando and had a breakaway dunk with 15 seconds left, forcing overtime of what would become a Lakers victory?"	"Shaq,Nickname"
"And, of course, “The Almighty Conceitedness.”  That’s the highest level of arrogance.  I made that up, too."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"Call me The Big Cactus…because if you come too close, you’re gonna get stuck."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"Lemme see…what would it be?  Probably, uh…Diesel.  Either Diesel or…you know, I don’t know."	"Shaq,Nickname"
All right.  How ‘bout O’nealiony Montana? because I’m the biggest thing to hit Miami since Tony Montana.	"Shaq,Nickname"
"They shot the ball well early.  What comes out of the microwave hot doesn’t always stay hot. I know, because I eat bagels in the morning."	"Shaq,Winning"
"That dude scored 8 points in the last 19 seconds, pulled out a miracle win at the Garden.  He made me choke on a chicken bone that day.  I’m serious."	"Shaq,Winning"
"You know what’s crazy about Yao? He speaks perfect English. A lot of people don’t know that. Perfect English. When I was over there, I called him. He’s like, ‘Whassup big fella?’ Perfect English!"	Shaq
"Tell Yao Ming, ‘ching-chong-yang-wah-ah-soh.’"	Shaq
"It’s my job to make Pat Riley look good.  He’s a very good looking man, so it’s my job to keep him looking good."	Shaq
I’m the first player in history that doesn’t want to play defense and still gets in foul trouble.	Shaq
"One time Michael Jackson was looking at my house in Orlando. He was sitting on the big round bed Indian-style, like a kid, and said, “How much for the entire house? I’ll buy it all because of the bed.”  The bed is 30 feet long by 15 feet wide."	Shaq
"You gotta fight all the karate guys, and once you kill them off, now you gotta get to the ninjas. Once you get through the ninjas, now you gotta get to the showmen.  Now me, I’m the showman of big men"	Shaq
Don’t Fake the Funk on a Nasty Dunk.	Shaq
"I endorse only products I actually use.  Like Wheaties keeps offering me money, but I don’t eat Wheaties, so I can’t do it.  Now, if Rice Krispies or Frosted Flakes offered me a deal, I’d take it right away.  Apple Jacks, I’d be on the box in a heartbeat.  Apple Shaqs.  Yeah."	Shaq
The stats win nothing. I'm still sexy. I'm still great.	"Shaq,Winning"
"Every time that I've won a championship I've looked at my guys around me and looked at their work ethic and said 'You know what, I'm going to win it this year. I feel that way now."	"Shaq,Winning"
"We know what we have to do. I know I have to get up in the morning, put my underwear on first and then put my pants on first. I don't need people to tell me that."	Shaq
"Y'all reporters like my quotes, don't you. Yeah, my quotes are Shaqalicious."	"Shaq,Nickname"
I ate too many Frosted Flakes. I don't remember what I said last night.	Shaq
I'm always ready for a change. I'm Irish. I'm a leprechaun.	Shaq
"If you take a needle and stick her in the booty and take a needle and stick me in the booty, we're both going to say ouch."	Shaq
"Pluto is not a planet, but I am."	Shaq
He's the Italian version of my father. I don't know if he's Italian or not.	Shaq
"I dribble rhymes like basketball... People call me 'E.T.' What's that, Shaq man? 'Extra Tall.'"	"Shaq,Nickname"
The day I stopped worrying about stats is the day I started winning	"Shaq,Winning"
"Kobe always tried to be a hero. But you know, as the saying goes, a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich."	Shaq
I am Superman. And the only thing that can kill Superman is Kryptonite. And Kryptonite doesn't exist.	"Shaq,Nickname"
It matters in a fatherly way.	Shaq
I'm a very quotatious person.	Shaq
My first movie. I think I won an Oscar for this.	Shaq
My message to little kids who aspire to be anything they want to be is to listen to their parents.	Shaq
"You guys make the rules up, so a foul is a foul. It doesn't matter if a guy is bigger and stronger. It's not my fault I ate my Frosted Flakes when I was little, and you ate Wheaties."	Shaq
Anyone can win a slam-dunk contest. The real Superman is dead. He was assassinated by Pat Riley. I'm the Big Cactus now and ready to roll again.	"Shaq,Nickname"
Excellence is a habit. You are what you repeatedly do.	Shaq
"Some things you just can't question. Like you can't question why two plus two is four. So don't question it, don't try to look it up. I don't know who made it, all I know is it was put in my head that two plus two is four. So certain things happen. Why does it rain? Why am I so sexy? I don't know."	Shaq
"I'm more like a senior adviser so I don't like to come in here and try to take over. Just like your basic karate movie where the young guys come to the old guys with beards who have them do weird stuff to get to the other side. That's who I am, the old guy with a long beard."	Shaq
"When I was young I was on punishment a lot and I used to watch a lot of TV, and I asked myself a question: 'How come people like Mike? How come they like Magic? How come they like Bird? How come they don't like the big guys?' So I just throw a little bit of what they were doing. You smile, you act crazy and silly. And I think people like me because I'm different. I've always been a class clown type of guy. It comes natural."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"Stats don't matter. I care about winning, not stats. If I score 0 points and we win I'm happy. If I score 50, 60 points, break the records, and we lose, I'm pissed off. 'Cause I knew I did something wrong. I'll have a hell of a season if I win the championship and average 20 points a game."	"Shaq,Winning"
"When you flop, that's just another message that you don't know how to play me. Stand up and take your medicine like a man."	Shaq
I take it personal when people don't double me. It's against my religion not to double me. It upsets me. It makes me think they're saying to themselves I don't have it anymore.	Shaq
"I'm on a mission. And I know the older I get, I may lose a step or two, but it's all up in the medulla oblongata. I've got a lot up there. I've got a lot of knowledge... in this medulla oblongata."	Shaq
"Get your tickets now. Buy cable now. Get your jerseys now. Pull your boats up to the docking stations now. Bring your Sea-Doos now. If you can't afford a Sea-Doo, get a raft."	Shaq
Shaquille O'Neal has always been one to speak the truth.	Shaq
Some of my favorite songs--and I don't know if this is the right terminology--are white-boy classics.	Shaq
"It was a weird game. There was ugly shooting and a lot of turnovers and mistakes, and we were just fortunate to get the win. I should have done better, but it was just a very ugly and weird game... I knew the game was going to be an ugly game when I saw those three guys at the scorer's table. Ugly people call ugly games."	Shaq
"It's sort of like in the movie The Karate Kid when Daniel said he needed Mr. Miyagi. And Mr. Miyagi gave him that confidence to believe he really didn't. These guys think they really need me right now, but they don't. When I come back, we'll all need each other to step up our games and do what needs to be done."	"Shaq,Kazaam"
" We're focusing on the whole pie, not a slice. A slice is good, but it's not good enough to get you fat. We're trying to get fat."	Shaq
"I don't know how it is for you earthlings, but where I'm from, strength is mental."	Shaq
"I would love an extension, who wouldn't? If they offer me a $35 million-a-year extension, I'll sign it right now. I won't even read the contract. I'm just here to take care of business and I know can help give the city what it's looking for."	Shaq
I... am... the son of Jor-El!	"Shaq,Nickname"
Alvin's the coach. We must be the Clippers. And I must be Olowokandi. Nooooo!	"Shaq,Nickname"
Opinions are like belly buttons; everybody has one. I never knock a man for his opinion.	Shaq
I'm pretty much able to play any style. I'm not here to demand 40 or 50 shots. But I would like 30.	Shaq
I'm the last in the line of Russells and Chamberlains.	Shaq
That has nothing to do with basketball. That's just because I'm sexy.	Shaq
"It's hard being the NBA's sex symbol, but somebody has to do it."	Shaq
"They're going to come to me and they're going to say numbers for three years and I'm going to use my division and if it sounds good when I hear it, then I'll take it. But I'm not going to say I'll take less (than the max) . . . Put it this way. I won't take a BMW from somebody when I know I can get a Maybach from somewhere else."	Shaq
"I've read that same formula, but as an athlete I'm classified as phenomenal. You could look it up."	Shaq
"The biggest thing that will define my legacy is how I've done it, and what I've done, and who I am. I'm a weird big guy. Doing rapping, doing movies. Do a lot of stuff. But always do things the right way. Went to the police academy to become a police officer. Get his master's in criminal justice, stayed out of trouble. Played for three different teams. Changed three different franchises around. This is a guy who they would have secret meetings about to change the rules. So, that's going to be my legacy: the most dominant player ever."	"Shaq,Kazaam"
"As a general, and as a leader of this team, whatever I've got to do get my guys going I'll do it every time. If I have to be the bad guy sometime, I'll guess I'll take that. That's what a leader and a general and a chief of police does. Everybody is not going to like it, but I don't care if they like or not. I'm Bush, so if they don't like it resign."	Shaq
I'm upset at myself. I should have had 50. I missed 13 free throws. That's unacceptable. If I want to be accepted by Wilt and Kareem and Russell I've got to start playing better than that. Right now I'm still in the class of Hakeem and David Robinson and that's not good enough for me. I want to be out there with the immortals.	"Shaq,Free Throws"
Being the best right now doesn't do anything for my feathers.	Shaq
"I don't see anybody, in any conference, that can shut me down. Any conference, anywhere in the world."	Shaq
I'm not going to go home and drink rat urine.	Shaq
"It's his show and I'm just trying to make him look good. If we were the same age there might be a little tension, but I'm on my way out... I am here to serve your every need, Queen James."	Shaq
"Somebody asked me about this the other day. A young Shaq and a young Penny, the young Shaq's going to take over. A medium Shaq and a young Kobe, the medium Shaq is going to take over. Now you've got an older Shaq and a young Dwyane; you step aside, you let him do his thing and you just do what's asked of you."	Shaq
I'm going back to the old Shaq. I was normal last year - I was an earthling last summer. I had to go back to my alien roots.	Shaq
"I just said to myself, 'Damn, I'm a great player.'"	Shaq
Every team that plays us plays above their heads. That's because of me.	Shaq
"I'm just getting better and better. It's just like a bunch of worker bees protecting the king bee, because I'm not a queen bee. I'm a king bee."	Shaq
I'm getting older. I'm getting sexier. I'm getting meaner. I can still do what I do.	Shaq
I am a tropical black man.	Shaq
"I'm one year older, one year sexier - one more, baby. For me, it's all about the bigger picture. We want to win the whole thing. We've got to beat whoever is in our way."	"Shaq,Winning"
"All of my projects are done right because I know the game, and I consider myself a rap expert."	Shaq
"When you feed the big dog, it does whatever you tell him to do."	Shaq
"You have to foul me to stop me, period."	"Shaq,Free Throws"
"I'm dominant every night. I come in every night and get beat up. I never make a face when they try to flagrant or hack-a-Shaq me, because I'm not from this planet. Earthlings don't faze me."	Shaq
"I painted my toenails before Dennis Rodman. One time at training camp, I stubbed my toe and the nail came loose. My mom gave me some toenail hardener, and I painted over it. I scored 40-something points that night, so it became a ritual. Paint my toenails, score 40 points."	"Shaq,Mom"
"Once the Hack-a-Shaq works once, you know I'm going to see it again. The only thing worse for basketball than that defense is the Lack-a-Shaq offense, where I have to go to the bench because of foul trouble. There is no fun in that."	"Shaq,Free Throws"
"Before I became the 'Great Test of the West,"" I was the 'Beast of the East.'"	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I told my wife the other day, I'm the Halle Berry of the NBA. Everybody wants this, baby. Everybody wants me. "	Shaq
I'm George Bush. I'm the president.	"Shaq,Nickname"
I'm a combination of the Terminator and Bambi.	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I don't send messages, I'm not a fax machine."	Shaq
"I'm the LCL - the Last Center Left. I've been doing the same things for 13 years, but now they're flopping and falling, and the refs are falling for it, too."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I don't have to shoot from more than two feet. I'm top 50. I've got 23,000 from where I shoot."	Shaq
"They want to beat the Don Dadda. It means, 'The Man.'"	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I make the game easy. Double and triple me, I'll kick it out to you for a wide-open shot. I'll add years to your career."	Shaq
"If you go around the league, anybody with the last name 'vich' is a great shooter. Radmanovic, Vujacic... all those 'iches."	Shaq
"I blame Riley for my broken thumb, not Matt Geiger. That ain't defense Miami is playing. That's just chopping. I have no idea how his team gets away with it. I guess when you've been in the league 30 years you can do it. Respect, he gets it - he's like John Gotti."	Shaq
"He's the president. I'm the general. Unless I want to get impeached, I got to do what he says."	Shaq
"I knew Rick Pitino was going to make them play that outbreak, monkey defense. He's been doing it all his life."	Shaq
The Big Cactus. I will stick you.	"Shaq,Nickname"
I don't really consider myself one of those superstars. I just consider myself a guy that was lucky enough to win the athletic lottery many times over.	Shaq
"I'm still the baddest expletive in the world. Yeah, I'm getting older, but Kareem got older. Hakeem got older. I don't need Earthlings' respect. When it's all said and done, my name will be there and it will be mentioned ... unless you Earthlings try to erase it."	Shaq
I don't listen to people who can't do stuff that I do.	Shaq
"Word has it, they think I'm an old man, and they're not gonna double me. My message is that I'm the baddest for my age bracketest. What I mean by age bracketest is that I came in at 20, I was the baddest 20, and I'm the baddest at 35."	Shaq
"If you're going to hire an assassin, let him go out and kill someone. I can't be Shaq taking six or seven shots."	Shaq
"If you want Shaq to be Shaq, you've got to remember that Shaq is known for wreaking havoc offensively - 26,000-plus points without consistently making free throws. Don't have me doing something I'm not used to doing. I ain't used to being a pick-setter. Let me badda-bing, badda-bang."	Shaq
"The Big Cactus... because if you come too close, you're gonna get stuck."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I think I'm the only player who looks at each and every center and says to myself, 'That's barbecued chicken down there.'"	Shaq
I'm known as The Big Baryshnikov.	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I'm like President Bush. You may not like me, you may not respect me, but you voted me in."	Shaq
"I am aware that most people only see me as Shaq... the guy on the court. But there is another side to who I am, Shaquille O'Neal. And Shaquille O'Neal wants to explore every part of life. He wants the opportunity to pursue all of his desires. That includes being a part of the music industry as an MC. Music is and will always be a part of who I am."	Shaq
I'm still the Dun Dada of all big men.	Shaq
The only demise of Shaquille O'Neal will be his age.	Shaq
"I'm still here. I'm a force to be reckoned with... you have to come take my spot, and not through Twitter and not through the media, come take my spot. I'm ready to go. As big men in the league, there are two who have done something special during this millennium. I'm one and Tim Duncan is the other. Anyone else has to come upstairs and see the Shogun. I'm still the Shogun."	Shaq
"Przybilla can't guard me when I'm 27, 37 or 47."	Shaq
Jealous punks can't stop my dunks.	Shaq
"I told Leonard, in the immortal words of Tom Cruise in Mission Impossible 2, 'I'm going on vacation. If I tell you where I'm going, then it won't be a vacation.'"	Shaq
He could be dominant - if he played in the WNBA.	Shaq
You're messing up my highlights.	Shaq
We want you all to be in shape and look as good as me. Because I will be walking naked on the beach.	Shaq
I don't believe in pressure. Pressure is when you don't know where your next meal is coming from.	Shaq
The Spurs are a great WNBA team.	Shaq
"It's LeBron's team. He's the captain. This is the time in my career where I can fit in. I'm now in the security business. My job is to protect the Queen, and that's what I'm here to do."	Shaq
"Last time I looked at a [pay]check, I said to myself, 'Who the hell is FICA? And when I meet him, I'm going to punch him in the face. Oh my God, FICA is killing me.' "	Shaq
"If he were on fire, he couldn't act as if he were burning. He can't out-act me on the big screen."	Shaq
"I just want to say, 'Nice job,' but now let the professional take over. There can only be one me. Uno más me."	Shaq
 Get away from my house. What do you want?	Shaq
"I'm like toilet paper, toothpaste and certain amenities - I'm proven to be good. I've still got 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 years left."	Shaq
"As a man, you got to know how to take it, so I just took it."	Shaq
"A pinch is a pinch. If you pinch my right nipple, I'm going to say, 'ouch.' If I pinch your right nipple, you're going to say 'ouch.' A foul is a foul and a flagrant is a flagrant."	Shaq
The NBA is fairy tale and real life mixed together.	Shaq
"That was a foul, young lady. You know that was a foul. Don't ask dumb questions."	Shaq
"Man, I don't wanna do what all the other guys do. I don't wanna end up in the booth after the games telling you what I think and talking smack about the guys on the floor when they are a lot better than that. I wanna be different. I don't wanna be known as Commentator Shaq. I wanna be a doctor or something good. I wanna be Dr. Shaq, Officer Shaq, Deputy Shaq."	Shaq
"Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, bet you can't type that."	Shaq
You guys should be ashamed of yourselves. You all should be spanked for this.	Shaq
"He's got a ring, so I'm taking home the trophy."	"Shaq,Winning"
"I want to be known as 'The Big Shakespeare.' It was Shakespeare that said, 'Some men are born great, some achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust upon them.'"	"Shaq,Nickname"
"Nietzsche was so intelligent and advanced. And that's how I am. I'm the black, basketball-playing Nietzsche."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I think it's a great city. I think it's a fabulous city. But in my young juvenile days, I was an idiot, and I bought 30 cars. And I need to drive those cars, and New York isn't really the place you can do that."	Shaq
"I was a medium-level juvenile delinquent from Newark who always dreamed about doing a movie. Someone said, 'Hey, here's $7 million, come in and do this genie movie.' What am I going to say, no? So I did it."	Shaq
It is not about how much money you make. The question is are you educated enough to KEEP it.	Shaq
"My secret? See it, and stay focused on it."	Shaq
"Two secrets to keep your marriage brimming: 1. Whenever you're wrong, admit it, 2. Whenever you're right, shut up"	Shaq
I feel like Bill Walton - old and sh*tty.	Shaq
"Phil took us to the finals three out of the five years and you want to fire him and want to bring in Mike Krzyzewski? Come on, man. That's like being married to J-Lo, then dropping J-Lo for a girl that's 5-10, 480 (pounds)."	Shaq
"Doesn't matter. If I would've had a beer before the game, I would've been drunk. So I don't believe in 'if.'"	Shaq
"I'll take 14 out of 15 any day of the week, any week of the month, any month of the year, any year of the century. I don't know what comes after century."	Shaq
"And if the big dog ain't me, then the house won't get guarded period."	Shaq
"I'm the NBA's best NFL player, and I've always been the sexiest 7-footer in the NBA - for 12 years running."	Shaq
 I don't get nervous in any situation. There's no such thing as nerves when you're playing games.	Shaq
But you can not compare Yao's stats to mine. You just can't compare it and I am playing everyone one-on-one.	Shaq
"When you're righteous, you don't have to tell people that you're righteous."	Shaq
I never worry about the problem. I worry about the solution.	Shaq
"We would love to have Gary down here. He's still tenacious on defense, and I know he still wants [a title]. And I'm the only guy in the world who can get him one."	Shaq
"If they want to play football, we can play football."	Shaq
"Can't nobody [mess] with me. I'm like toilet paper, Pampers and toothpaste. I'm definitely proven to be effective."	Shaq
"From this day on I'd like to be known as 'The Big Aristotle' because Aristotle once said, 'Excellence is not a singular act; it's a habit. You are what you repeatedly do.'"	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I'd like to thank everyone who voted for me. And the one guy who didn't vote for me, thank you, too."	Shaq
"If I don't get five [titles], I won't be happy with myself as a basketball player. I don't know how you guys will feel about me."	"Shaq,Winning"
"I'm not a young jitterbug anymore. When I was a young jitterbug, I never won. I didn't start winning until I got older. The older I get, the wiser I get. You just have to play it smart."	"Shaq,Winning"
"Once you learn how to do something, you don't lose it. Unless you die."	Shaq
I'm not the one buying love. He's the one buying love.	Shaq
"If you've got a Corvette that runs into a brick wall, you know what's going to happen. He's a Corvette. I'm a brick wall."	"Shaq,Nickname"
"Let's put it in old movie Mafia terms. There are guys that are in position to get by but they didn't wait their turn. They back-doored the top guy to get the power. For example, Sonny Corleone went up there, and he wanted to be the top guy. And the Godfather said, 'You know what dude, I'm a star.' That's what I'm doing now, and that's what I was trying to do with what's-his-name."	Shaq
 There is nothing for me to be sour about. What you got to understand is that I'm a military man. We usually do my shift for four or five years and then you got to move on.	Shaq
"I'm not going to try to go out there and outdo him. I don't have to try to outdo him, I'm Shaq."	Shaq
"I don't take anything personal. I just have a certain file in my head, so Earthlings must be careful with what they say."	Shaq
"I'm sort of like a specialist. I go in, do what I do and every four years, they get tired of me and I have to relocate myself."	Shaq
I don't ever want to grow up. I guess I'm like Peter Pan. Grown-ups have problems. I want to stay happy.	Shaq
"As my great friend Aristotle said, 'If you cannot command, you must learn to listen.' I'm not the hierarchy here. I am a worker bee."	Shaq
That's what I do. I get in and get under people's skin and all that stuff. But you will remember me - and that's all that matters.	Shaq
"If you don't stick to simplicity, you'll die a horrible death."	Shaq
"That's sort of a trick question, and I don't have a trick answer. Next question, please."	Shaq
I'm probably going to have to go with Kobester. He's an assassin with LeBron coming right after.	Shaq
"Most ferocious was Kobe. Fiercest, most competitive, it was Kobe. D Wade is second after that."	Shaq
The East is going to be pretty easy for me. The Great Chest of the West becomes the Great Beast of the East.	Shaq
"I'm going to be on a mission. I've handled my personal vendettas and handled them well. Every challenge you put in front of me, I've handled it, dismantled it - ate them, dropped them off in the bathroom and flushed them away."	Shaq
How can Benedict Arnold be reliable in what he says?	"Shaq,Nickname"
"I don't have to make a point. I'm George Bush. I'm the president. I built that arena, so I don't have to make a point."	Shaq
I didn't say anything. Got nothing to say. I'm a married man; I don't need a relationship with another man.	Shaq
"He's just intelligent-sort of a nerd, actually. He's the only brother I know who made a 1420 on the SAT. I don't think Chris Dudley did that, and Mr. Smarty Pants went to Yale. Kobe doesn't hang out. He doesn't go to the clubs. He doesn't ride around. He doesn't put rims on his car. He's just him. He's a sophisticated kid. Damn mature for his age."	Shaq
I'll beat you up right now if you want me to.	Shaq
"Why did it happen? The big dog got fed. And when the big dog was fed, the little dog even got some meat in there, too. Big dog owns the domain, but the little dog can go wherever he wants."	Shaq
"If I was able to have the game I have and shoot 80% from the line, I'd probably be an arrogant person rather than a humble one. Everything happens for a reason."	Shaq
"In this millennium that we live in, the 'Hack-a-Shaq'has proven not to work. It might work a couple games every now and then, but when it comes to the playoffs or a championship series, it doesn't work - not at all."	"Shaq,Free Throws,Winning"
"A lot of coaches play percentages when it comes to me, but that's just a way of saying that you can't stop me."	"Shaq,Free Throws"
(The Hack-A-Shaq is) just a way of telling me that you can't stop me. Thank you. I appreciate it.	"Shaq,Free Throws,Winning"
I'd shoot zero percent before I'd shoot underhanded.	"Shaq,Free Throws"
The only person who can really motivate you is you.	Shaq
"I'm not worried about facing the Sacramento Queens. Write it down. Take a picture. I'm not going to talk about this all year. When I get back, there's going to be trouble."	Shaq
"The first three championships that I won, I won them. I had big numbers and I won them. And last year, the guys won it for me. They won it for the big guy. Numbers are overrated. There's a lot of guys in this league who can say they've got great numbers. But they can't say they've got four rings in the last six years."	Shaq
"It's just one more win. I don't give a [bleep] how we do it, as long as we get it done. Did I say [bleep]? I'm sorry."	"Shaq,Winning"
"If you go 72-11 and don't win (the championship), it doesn't mean anything. Actually it does. It means you've cheated and played an extra regular-season game."	"Shaq,Winning"
"Their unselfishness, the way they play and their poise factor. When you never panic, that's a great sign."	Shaq
"That game was dedicated to Rick Adelman. I'm at home, in the bathroom, trying to take a dump, flipping through the channels and he's complaining (on TV) about how I'm stepping over the line. I can't even do a No. 2 in peace. I'm sitting there grunting at 12:30 at night. Can I go one day without somebody saying something negative about me?"	Shaq
"Like my good friend Eminem the rapper says, you only get one shot."	Shaq
"I think everything happens for a reason. With my game being the way it is, if I did shoot 80 percent, I'd be a harder person to deal with. It just keeps me humble. Just imagine me in my game shooting the same percentage that Reggie Miller shoots. I wouldn't even talk to you guys because I wouldn't have to."	Shaq
"I've been 11, 12 percent body fat my whole career. But when you've got a big, sexy, beautiful man that's up in the 340s, 350s, the way you guys were taught on this planet, you're going to automatically think it's fat."	Shaq
"A writer from ESPN magazine once described me as the world's largest eleven-year-old. That's true. I ride my Sea-Doo jet ski, play putt-putt golf, go to water parks, and act silly. On the bottom floor of my house in Beverly Hills, I have video games, a pool table, a Pepsi machine, and all the things they have in arcades. I drive go-karts, at least the ones I can fit in. I karate-chop my friends when they come over, like the Kato dude in the Pink Panther movies."	Shaq
"It's t'ai chi every time. I'm using your positive energy, and I'm blowing off it. See, most guys can't push, they got to lean. When they lean, I spin."	Shaq
"I don't get tired. I get beat up. You keep chopping on a tree, you need to give the tree some rest so the chlorophyll will fill back up and the tree gets its energy back."	Shaq
"Going from Army base to base as a kid taught me to be a man of all nations. I'd go to the Jewish people and say, 'Shalom, brother.' I go to the Muslim people and say, 'Salaam aleikum.'I go to the Chinese people and say, 'Nee hao mah,' which means, 'How you doin'?' I go to the Japanese people and say, 'Konnichiwa.' I go to San Antonio, Texas, and I get along with Mexicans. Then I go to Louisiana and hang with the Creoles. Moving around a lot made me a man of all people."	Shaq
"When I first came in, I partied and had a good time. I used to spend $500,000 on chains that don't make no sense. Then I started having babies. I don't do the bull**** no more."	Shaq
"Everybody talks about being a role model. But if you look up the word 'role' in a dictionary, it describes playing a part. Everything I'm into, it's real to me. There's nothing fake about it."	Shaq
"You know, I'm very photogenic."	Shaq
Being that I'm a tropical black man I don't get to see much snow. When I see snow I go crazy. That's why they call me Sasquatch. There's no Sasquatch found in the snow so I had to go back to my Sasquatchian roots.	"Shaq,Nickname"
I'll hit them when it matters.	Shaq
"As a basketball fan, I get sick and tired of people talking about numbers. To me, the world is getting too materialistic."	Shaq
I'm the master marketer.	Shaq
"If you don't like me, there must be something wrong with you."	Shaq
"I said what I felt, and people try to control people. But you can never control me. I'm a 31-year-old juvenile delinquent. Nobody can control me."	Shaq
They won't talk to you because I'm undercover.	Shaq
I urge all children to listen to their mothers and fathers. My mom was helping out some kids and she didn't want to call me for all of the money; she only wanted to take care of some of the kids.	"Shaq,Mom"
"A lot of times when I buy a lot of toys, I get a little jealous and keep one or two for myself. So I've got a couple of drones. I've got a couple of remote-control cars. I like to have fun"	Shaq
"You always have to take care of the sisters first, so my dad would buy Barbies and stuff and I wouldn't get anything. So I don't want any other kid to feel like that."	Shaq
Good teams become great ones when the members trust each other enough to surrender the Me for the We.	"Phil,Teamwork"
The strength of the team lies within the individual. And the strength of the individual lies within the team	"Phil,Teamwork"
"You can't force your will on people. If you want them to act differently, you need to inspire them to change themselves"	Phil
"Like life, basketball is messy and unpredictable. It has its way with you, no matter how hard you try to control it. The trick is to experience each moment with a clear mind and open heart. When you do that, the game - and life - will take care of itself."	Phil
I won't coach this team next year if he is still here. He won't listen to anyone. I've had it with this kid.	"Phil,Teamwork"
"Before a vision (dream) can become a reality, it must be owned by every member of the group."	Phil
"The most we can hope for is to create the best possible conditions for success, then let go of the outcome. The ride is a lot more fun that way."	"Phil,Winning"
No one plays this or any game perfectly.  It's the guy who recovers from his mistakes who wins.	"Phil,Winning"
"In basketball - as in life - true joy comes from being fully present in each and every moment, not just when things are going your way. Of course, it's no accident that things are more likely to go your way when you stop worrying about whether you're going to win or lose and focus your full attention on what's happening right this moment. "	"Phil,Winning"
"Winning is important to me, but what brings me real joy is the experience of being fully engaged in whatever I'm doing."	"Phil,Winning"
Basketball is a sport that involves the subtle interweaving of players at full speed to the point where they are thinking and moving as one.	Phil
"Yes, victory is sweet, but it doesn't necessarily make life any easier the next season or even the next day."	"Phil,Winning"